abdel chouari dance teacher
dance and pop rock in the american
school briefing school is a structure
which offers hip hop dance classes
suitable for any audience for any age to
from 6 years old for beginners we
work on three major axes the
first is learning the basics
the historical aspect and hip hop dance the
second point is the development of
the rhythmic sensitivity and the third
it's the knowledge of his body for
the initiates it's a work of
development with development
of personality not all the work
on the crystal but also a
preparation different manifestation
for healthy competition and battles
and for the choreographic aspect it is
the shows and the show plus one
work on muscle building
which allows a better continuity
at the level of learning while at the
year-round
then serge lopes and I 'll be
the speaker teaches at lighter school
for during house dance and hip
new style new school and new school
in general a course consists of this
way man left for a
muscle building
then a work on the vocabulary
then a routine mine and at the end
a strict
we think it's a work in
upstream the top rock courses are adapted
at all levels and during his classes for
see several points in the basics
and their development but also the
work of releasing for five years the
travels that he was also working on
free style without neglecting the aspect
choreographic with holdings for
Greek courses
we worked several points
not rather clean descents so the
go down
then the messes where young people
rooms on the floor then we will work
also and to sport the tricks without
neglect the musculature side so with
a killer still often spider who is going
to complete this teaching
inside the costs tour d'artaise
I will propose a work on jacking that
is not so sure of the mess for the
hip hop class in first aid
school we will work on 10 themes
who speak 80 up to new
rounds and the basis of these two races
is really a condenser to dance everything
throughout the year
we will also accompany you on
different events so evenings
multidisciplinary courses of
battles shows and organization
of various journeys make you all to
from September 15th
after cannes school for opening
official dance classes for the
season 2014